Question 1:
Write a Python program to generate the next 15 leap years starting from a given year. Populate the leap years into a list and display the list. 
Also write the pytest test cases to test the program.

Question 2:
ARS Gems Store sells different varieties of gems to its customers.

Write a Python program to calculate the bill amount to be paid by a customer based on the list of gems and quantity purchased. Any purchase with a total bill amount above Rs.30000 is entitled for 5% discount. If any gem required by the customer is not available in the store, then consider total bill amount to be -1.

Assume that quantity required by the customer for any gem will always be greater than 0.

Perform case-sensitive comparison wherever applicable.

Question 3:
Write a python function to check whether three given numbers can form the sides of a triangle. 
Hint: Three numbers can be the sides of a triangle if none of the numbers are greater than or equal to the sum of the other two numbers.

Also write the pytest test cases to test the program.

Question 4:
The program provided in the starter code tab is written to display “*” as per the expected output given below. But the code is having logical errors, debug the program using Eclipse Debugger and correct it.

Expected Output:
*****
****
***
**
*


Question 5:
Write a python program to solve a classic ancient Chinese puzzle.
We count 35 heads and 94 legs among the chickens and rabbits in a farm. How many rabbits and how many chickens do we have? 


Sample Input	        Expected Output
heads-150 legs-400	    100 50
heads-3 legs-11	    No solution
heads-3 legs-12	         0 3
heads-5 legs-10     	  5 0

Question 6:
Write a python program which finds the maximum number from num1 to num2 (num2 inclusive) based on the following rules.

Always num1 should be less than num2
Consider each number from num1 to num2 (num2 inclusive). Populate the number into a list, if the below conditions are satisfied
Sum of the digits of the number is a multiple of 3
Number has only two digits
Number is a multiple of 5
Display the maximum element from the list
In case of any invalid data or if the list is empty, display -1.

Question 7:

